- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Examination Regulations
for the Bachelor's Level of the University of St. Gallen [ER BL]
dated 21 June 2019 (as embedded: 1 August 2025)
The Senate Committee by the University of St.Gallen
hereby issues
pursuant to
Art. 24(1)(a) of the University Act1 and Art. 40 (2)(b)(3) of the University Statute2
the following Examination Regulations3:
A. Main part
I. General provisions concerning the Bachelor's Level
1. Scope of application and object
Art. 1 Scope of application and Implementation Provisions
1 These Regulations govern the examination system, the main features of the degree
courses, the pass grades and the degree awarded on conclusion of the Bachelor’s Level
of the University of St.Gallen.
2 The Bachelor's Level consists of the Assessment Year and the Bachelor’s Studies.
3 The Extended President's Board may issue Implementation Provisions for these
Regulations and the concomitant management of programms unless otherwise provided.4
4 Provided that this is stipulated in the articles hereunder, the Dean of Studies may
deviate from the principles of these Regulations in order to grant exceptions for special
reasons.
Art. 2 Aims and objectives of undergraduate programmes
1 Programmes at the Bachelor’s Level aim at conveying subject-related and
interdisciplinary competencies and at promoting skills which:
a) enable students to exercise certain activities in professional practice in the
relevant special area of their chosen major;
b) are a prerequisite for further studies;
c) are relevant to a later assumption of responsibility in business, government and
society.
1 UG;sGS 217.1.
2 US;sGS 217.15.
3 Pursuant to Art. 123 of the University Statutes (Consolidated Statute Book of the Canton of the St.Gallen,
No. 217.15), only the German version of these Regulations is binding.
4 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
1 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
2. Academic offerings
Art. 3 Assessment Years, disciplines, majors and specialisations
1 Thereare two Assessment Years:
a) the economic-legal Assessment Year; and;
b) the Informatics Assessment Year.
2 The economic-legal Assessment Year can be completed in the following disciplines:
a) economic sciences;
b) law.
3 After completing the economic-legal Assessment Year, the Bachelor’s degree can be
pursued in the following majors:
a) Business Administration;
b) Economics;
c) International Affairs;
d) Law;
e) Law and Economics.
4 After completing the Informatics Assessment Year, the Bachelor’s degree in Computer
Science can be pursued
5 The Course Regulations with the degree course scheme5 of the individual majors can
provide specialisations
Art. 4 Additional qualifications and additional qualification programmes
1 During their Bachelor’s Studies, students may attend additional qualifications and
additional qualification programmes.
2 Students who pass the examinations for an additional qualification will be awarded a
certificate.
3 The Senate Committee issues Regulations for the additional qualification programme in
Business Studies. Students who pass the examinations of this programme will be
awarded a diploma.6
3. Admission and limitation on the number of semesters
Art. 5 Admission
1 Applicants who satisfy the requirements laid down in Art. 50 of the University Act will be
admitted to studies at the Bachelor's Level. 7
2 Details are regulated by the University’s Board of Governors in additional regulations,
which constitute an integral part of these Regulations.
5 Hereinafter abridged to "Course Regulations".
6 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
7 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
2 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Art. 6 Limitation on the number of semesters
1 The standard period of study for the Bachelor's Level is six semesters, of which :
a) the first two semesters are reserved for the Assessment Year; and;
b) the following four for the Bachelor’s Studies.
2 The maximum period of study5 (including possible admission conditions and study
attempts) is limited to sixteen semesters. Of these, the following are limited:
a) to a maximum of six semesters for the Assessment Year; and;
b) to a maximum of ten semesters for the Bachelor’s Studies.
2bis This maximum period of study also applies to students who switch between the
Informatics Assessment Year and the economic-legal Assessment Year and is not
dependent on whether the students have passed the respective Assessment Year that
they completed first.
3 The maximum period of study also includes exchange semesters, semester leave and
semesters with reduced tuition fees.
4 Exmatriculation stops the counting process. Re-enrolment restarts it.
5 When a student starts a second majorafter obtaining a Bachelor’s degree, the counting
process starts anew.
Art. 7 Reaching the maximum number of semesters
1 Students who have reached the maximum number of semesters will be unable to
continue their studies at the University of St.Gallen.8
2 Requests for exemptions for special reasons can be submitted to the Dean of Studies.
4. Structure
Art. 8 Programme structure
1 Programmes at the Bachelor’s Level consist of individual courses and are structured
into Core Studies and Contextual Studies.
2 Course independent achievements may be considered in the programmes.
Art. 9 Teaching and learning
1 Course content is delivered through classroom teaching in lectures, exercises and
seminars.
2 Independent study provides students with the opportunity to learn on their own or in
small groups, in a faculty member’s responsibility, how to acquire knowledge,
competencies and skills.
Art. 10 Core Studies
1 Core Studies consist of:
a) Compulsory Subjects;
b) Core Electives;
c) Electives.
8 Art. 73(1)(e), University Statutes.
3 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
2 Compulsory Subjects are attended by all the students of their specific discipline, major
and specialisation.
3 Core Electives of a discipline, major and specialisation may be chosen from a limited
range of subjects.
4 Electives may be chosen from a wide range of courses irrespective of the discipline,
major and specialisation. They may double as Compulsory Subjects or Core Electives of
other disciplines, majors and specialisations.
Art. 11 Contextual Studies
1 As a rule, Contextual Studies consist of courses in cultural science, humanities and
social science which are wholly distinct from, extend or expand on Core Studies.
Art. 12 Language of schooling and foreign language
1 A distinction is made between the language of schooling and foreign languages.
2 The study of foreign languages is part of Contextual Studies.
3 In deviation from Art. 12 para. 2, the study of one foreign language is part of the
contextual studies for students who are enrolled in the Major in Computer Science.
Art. 13 European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System
1 Degrees of the University of St.Gallen is based on the European Credit Transfer and
Accumulation System (ECTS credits).
2 One credit equals 30 hours of work.
3 Studies at the Bachelor's Level require 180 credits, 60 of which are earned in the
Assessment Year and 120 in the Bachelor’s Studies.
Art. 149 Course Regulations
1 The Senate Committee issues Course Regulations for the Assessment Years and for
the individual majors.
2 Slight adaptations to Course Regulations may be delegated to the Extendend
President's Board.
Art. 15 Course and examination fact sheets
1 Course and examination information as well as the responsibility of the examination
organization (centrally or decentrally organized), the form of examination, the examination
time, the modes of examination, the type of grading, the type of examination and the
regulations on aids are bindingly specified in the course and examination fact sheets.
2 Course and examination fact sheets have absolute priority over any other information
provided in lectures or faculty members’ personal fact sheets.
3 The information provided by course and examination fact sheets are the responsibility of
the faculty members. The competencies of the programme management and of the Dean
of Studies is reserved.
9 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
4 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
4 If there are any exceptional reasons for changing a course and examination fact sheet
which was bindingly communicated at the beginning of the bidding period, then the faculty
member in charge of the examination may submit a request for such change to the Dean
of Studies.10
5 The Dean of Studies publishes the changes in a legally binding fashion.11
6 Students who take the examination are deemed to have accepted the changed
examination conditions.
5. General examination provisions
Art. 16 Purpose and quality of examinations
1 Examinations establish the extent to which students attain the learning objectives.
2 The Extendend President's Board defines the quality requirements that apply to
examinations and their conduct so that the purpose of the examination can be fulfilled.12
Art. 17 Conclusion and subsumption of courses
1 A course is concluded with an examination.
2 Course Regulations may provide that the contents of several courses are subsumed in
one single examination, which do not require more than 30 credits.
3 Only courses of the same semester may be subsumed in one exam. Course
Regulations may provide exceptions.
Art. 18 Language of instruction and examination
1 As a rule, examinations are conducted in the course’s language of instruction.
2 Students are responsible for ensuring that they have a sufficient command of the
language of instruction and examination.
3 A deficient command of the language of instruction and examination precludes as a
reason for lodging an appeal.
Art. 19 Examination periods
1 The examination time shall be bindingly specified in the course and examination fact
sheets.
Art. 20 Organisation of examinations
1 The organisation of the examination shall be bindingly specified in the course and
examination fact sheets.
2
13
...
3 An examination is deemed to be centrally organised if it is conducted in the mid-term or
in the examination block and the Dean of Studies is responsible for its organisation.14
10 11 12 13 14 Amendment pursuant to the Board of Governors Resolution of 6 December 2020; in force as from 1 January
2021.
Amendment pursuant to the Board of Governors Resolution of 6 December 2020; in force as from 1 Janua-
ry 2021.
Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
Element was repealed in the previous version.
Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
5 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
4 An examination is deemed to be decentrally organised if the faculty member in charge
of the course is responsible for it.
5
15
...
6. Examination form, aids and duration
Art. 21 Possible examination forms
1 Examinations may take one of the following forms:
a) oral examination;
b) written examination;
c) written paper;
d) practical examination.
Art. 22
Art. 22a Examination modes
1 The examination mode is composed of:
a) Nature of examination: analog or digital;
b) Date of examination: Term Time or Inter-term Break;
c) Conduct of examination: synchronously or asynchronously;
d) Location of examination: on university premises (on campus) or not on
university premises (off campus).
Art. 22b Nature of the examination
1 Exams conducted digitally are generally conducted on students' private devices.
Students themselves are responsible for ensuring that the private devices meet the
requirements for the examinations.
2 The Extendend President's Board issues regulations on data protection during
examinations in the Implementation Provisions.16
Art. 23 sheets.
Specification and change of examination forms
1 The type of examination shall be bindingly specified in the course and examination fact
Art. 24 Type of examination
1 The examination type combines and concretizes the different exam modalities.
2 Examination types may be used individually or, in a combination of partial
performances, together with other examinations forms.
3 Examination types which evaluate students’ active participation in the classroom may
be used only in combination with other examination types.
15 16 Element was repealed in the previous version.
Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
6 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Art. 25 Aids
1 Students are responsible for acquiring the necessary aids, their operability and their
conformity with rules.
2 Only the aids specified in the course and examination fact sheets are admissible.
3 Special aids in connection with compensation for disadvantages are reserved.
Art. 26 Duration of a written examination
1 The duration of written examinations that are conducted as a whole are limited as
follows:
a) up to 5.00 credits 1.5 hours
b) from 5.01 to 7.50 credits 2.0 hours
c) from 7.51 to 10.00 credits 2.5 hours
d) over 10.00 credits 3.0 hours
2 If the duration of an examination is planned to deviate from Art. 26(1), this shall be
subject to approval granted by the Dean of Studies.
3 The duration of examinations that are conducted in separate parts shall be specified
commensurately. An examination part shall not exceed the examination duration pursuant
to Art. 26(1).
Art. 26aDuration of oral examinations
1 The duration of oral examinations (conducted as a whole or in separate parts) shall
amount to between 15 and 30 minutes. Preparation time ids not be counted as part of the
duration of the examination.
2 The duration of oral group examinations shall be increased commensurately. The
duration of the examination shall not exceed 1 hour.
3 If the duration of an examination is planned to deviate from the above, this shall be
subject to approval granted by the Dean of Studies.
Art. 26bDuration of practical examinations
1 The duration of practical examinations is specified by the faculty members in charge of
the examination.
2 A practical examination conducted as a whole during a lesson shall not exceed the time
limits specified in Art. 26(1)(a-d).
Art. 26cDuration of written examination assignments
1 There are no minimum or maximum time limits for work expended on written
examination assignments.
2 Faculty members shall specify the general conditions for the written examination
assignments and the work expected to the done on them based on the credits to be
awarded for the examination specified in the course and examination fact sheet.
Art. 26dSpecial provision concerning examination conditions in the Assessment Year
1 The type, duration, organisation, and time of examina-tions for courses in compulsory
subjects, core electives, electives and contextual studies of the Assessment Year can be
7 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
specified in the course regulations.
2 On application, the type, duration, organisation or time of an examination may be
changed for special reasons by the Dean of Studies in consultation with the relevant
programme.
7. Registration, dates, non-appearance at examinations
Art. 27 Semester enrolment, bidding and registration for examinations
1 The Dean of Studies issues instructions for:
a) semester enrolment;
b) bidding;
c) registration for and deregistration from examinations.
Art. 28 Scheduling
1 In matters related to studies and the assessment of student performance, all dates are
fixed by the Dean of Studies.
2 The dates for decentrally organised examinations are exempt from this.
Art. 29 Regular and alternative examination dates and deregistration from
examinations for centrally organized examinations
1 Students sit examinations in the semester in which the course has been run. Course
Regulations may provide exceptions.
2 Up to a point in time defined by the Dean of Studies, students may deregister free of
charge from regular centrally organized examinations with or without registration for an
alternative examination date.
3 After the point in time specified in para. 2, students may deregister from a regular
centrally organized examination with or without registering for an alternative examination
date for a fee to be paid prior to the start of the examination.
4 If a case of force majeure can be proven, payment of the fee may be waived or a refund
may be made upon presentation of appropriate proof.
5 If an alternative examination date cannot be attended, deregistration is required during
the free or paid phase. However, another alternative examination date is excluded. No
grade will be awarded. The course must be re-selected.17
6 Without a valid deregistration from a regular or an alternative date before the start of the
examination, the examination is deemed not to have been taken. The corresponding part
of the examination will be assessed with a grade of 1.0.
Art. 29a Regular and alternative examination dates and deregistration from
examinations for decentrally organized examinations
1 If a decentrally organized examination cannot be taken, deregistration is required before
the examination begins. This is free of charge at all times.
2 A claim for an alternative examination date is only possible with a valid reason and
available proof according to Art. 30.
17 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
8 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
3 If an alternative examination date cannot be attended, a deregistration is required.
However, another alternative examination date is excluded. No grade will be awarded.
The course must be re-selected.18
4 Without valid deregistration from a regular or an alternative examination date before the
examination begins, the examination is deemed not to have been taken. The
corresponding part of the examination will be assessed with a grade of 1.0.
Art. 30 Valid reasons
1 Valid reasons include, in particular, extraordinary circumstances such as illness or
accident. The respective valid reason must be supported by appropriate proofs.
2 The Extendend President's Board determines the valid reasons and the corresponding
proofs.19
Art. 31 Lateness and subsequent deregistration from examination
1 Once an examination has officially begun, latecomers are no longer entitled to sit it.
2 If an examination has to be discontinued after the start of the examination due to a valid
reason, an application for subsequent deregistration from the examination, including
thecorresponding proof, can be submitted within seven days to an office designated by
the Dean of Studies.
3 If the application is approved, then in the case of a regular examination date the
applicant will be registered for the alternative examination date of the corresponding
examination.
4 If the application is approved for an alternative examination, then a further alternative
examination date is excluded. No grade will be awarded. The course must be re-
selected.20
8. Access arrangements and inability to study
Art. 32 Principle
1 In special cases of impaired representational ability such as disability, chronic illness or
accident, access arrangements may be approved.
2 Access arrangements may be precluded if the ability to present a skill or competence is
part of the intended learning outcomes and thus an object of the examination.
Art. 33 Inability to study
1 In the case of medically attested inability to study, exmatriculation21 or other appropriate
measures may be ordered. In particularly well justified cases, these may be applied in
combination, and also retroactively.
2 Medically attested inability to study is vouched for with an expert opinion and a specific
request to the Dean of Studies.
18 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
19 gust 2025
20 gust 2025
21 Art. 73(1)(e), University Statutes.
Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
9 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
3 If the medical expert opinion fails to provide an adequate basis for a decision in favour
of possible exmatriculation, the Dean of Studies may demand an additional examination
by an independent medical examiner.
9. Grading of examinations
Art. 34 Evaluation
1 Examination results may be awarded grades in quarter-grade steps between 1.00 and
6.00, with 6.00 being the highest grade and 1.00 being the lowest grade.
2 The half-grade steps have the following meaning:
6.00 = excellent;
5.50 = very good;
5.00 = good;
4.50 = satisfactory;
4.00 = marginal;
3.50 = unsatisfactory;
3.00 = poor;
2.50 = poor to very poor;
2.00 = very poor;
1.50 = very poor to useless;
1.00 = useless.
3 A grade below 4.00 is deemed to be a fail grade.
4 Achievements can be assessed as passed / failed. The prerequisite is that a failed
performance is not listed in the grade transcript and accordingly no minus credit points
are awarded.
Art. 35 Weighting grades into credit points
1 The grades for the individual examinations are weighted with the credits obtained in the
corresponding courses and converted into credit points.
2 Work done independently of courses is graded and weighted if it has a direct connection
with the degree programme.
3 External language certificates, Campus Credits, credits for qualified military leadership
experience and Practice Credits will not be graded and will not be weighted into credit
points.
Art. 36 Negative weighted credit points
1 Negative weighted credit points constitute the difference between a grade of 4.00 and a
fail grade as weighted with the credits of the examination.
Art. 37 Annulments and examination resit
1 If the configuration or organisation of an examination has evinced essential procedural
deficiencies, the President of the University may annul the examination and order a resit.
10 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
2 If the deficiency only concerns an insignificant part of the examination, the Dean of
Studies may decide in consultation with the programme director in question that the
faculty member in charge will:
a) annul this part of the examination;
b) award it a fixed number of points.
10. Dishonesty
Art. 38 Offence
1 The following is deemed to be dishonesty, in particular:
a) the falsification of an examination performance;
b) bringing along, using or making available inadmissible aids or information;
c) disregard of general and specific instructions concerning the way in which the
examination is conducted;
cbis) the dishonest manipulation of devices or programs;
d) plagiarism or ghost-writing;
e) the infringement of the version of the declaration of authorship that is applicable
at the time.
2 Any mere attempt at dishonesty is deemed to constitute dishonesty.
Art. 39 Suspected plagiarism, revision of submitted work
1 If there is a suspicion that a student has committed plagiarism in a written paper, she or
he may be invited to an oral defence of the work.
2 Once a written paper has been submitted, it cannot be revised.
Art. 40 Procedure in cases of dishonesty
1 If a case of dishonesty comes to the notice of the Dean of Studies, she or he may
decide in an administrative procedure that the entire examination or parts of it cannot be
graded, in which case a grade deduction of up to 1.00 may be awarded.22
2 If a serious case of another infringement of the University’s rules and regulations comes
to the notice of the Dean of Studies, she or he, with the President’s consent23 also applies
for the initiation of a disciplinary proceeding. The President also makes a decision
concerning a possible lodging of a criminal complaint.
3 If a disciplinary proceeding is initiated, the administrative proceeding is suspended until
a legally binding disciplinary ruling has been made. If the Disciplinary Committee finds an
infringement of the University’s rules and regulations, the examination is deemed to have
been failed and grade 1.00 will be awarded.24
22 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
23 Art. 38(1), University Act.
24 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
11 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
11. Procedures and legal protection
Art. 4125 Grade display and grade transcript
1 The examination results are published at least once a semester after centrally
organised examinations took place in the non-teaching period, and the grades are
entered into the grade transcript. The grade transcript provides information about a
student’s objectively ascertainable performance.
Art. 42 Access to examination performance, examination minutes
1 The faculty members in charge of an examination grant students the right to access
their examination performance.
2 Written minutes are to be taken of oral examinations; presentations are exempt from
this rule. Alternatively, an oral examination may be audio- or videotaped.
Art. 43 Grade correction
1 If there are obvious errors in the way an examination has been graded, the faculty
members in charge of that examination may submit a reasoned request for grade
correction to the Dean of Studies.
2 Grades may also be changed to the disadvantage of the students concerned if there are
important public interests for doing so.26 Notably a correct record of results is deemed to
be of important public interest.27
Art. 44 Legal protection
1 Legal protection is governed by the University of St.Gallen Act28 and the Administrative
Jurisdiction Act29
.
12. Other provisions
Art. 45 Students’ rights and obligations
1 Students’ rights are guaranteed. They may be limited through obligations towards the
University and to ensure orderly University operations.
Art. 46 Handling, filing and destruction of examination data, evaluations and personal
data30
1 Data from examinations, evaluations and personal data may be used for the conduct of
statistical panel studies and cross-sectional studies about student behaviour and
progress, as well as for administrative purposes. They will be destroyed on conclusion of
the survey or if the purpose of their utilisation is no longer effective.
2 Written examination materials and examination minutes must be preserved for two
years in conformity with data protection. Afterwards they may be destroyed. Video and
audio recordings of the examinations will be destroyed as soon as the grade for the
relevant examination has become legally binding.
25 26 27 28 29 30 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
Art. 28(1), Administrative Jurisdiction Act.
Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
University Act; Consolidated Statute Book of the Canton of St.Gallen, No. 217.1.
VRP; Consolidated Statute Book of the Canton of St.Gallen, No. 951.1.
In addition, the Record Keeping and Filing Act is applicable; Consolidated Statute Book of the Canton of
St.Gallen, No. 147.1.
12 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
3 The following data is exempt from destruction in accordance with para. 2:
a) grades;
b) written work;
c) data which have been anonymised and whose evaluation serves to achieve
academic improvement;
d) any other data which are not covered by para. 2.
Art. 47 Intellectual property rights
1 Any copyright to work that has been written as part of student performance at the
University remains with the students unless a connection can be established with the
University of St.Gallen.
2 If a connection with the University of St.Gallen can be established, written consent has
to be obtained prior to publication.
3 The copyright and right of use regarding examination questions, sample solutions and
their further use remains with the authors.
4 When students submit any written work, they grant copyright to the University of
St.Gallen to the extent to which this is necessary for plagiarism checks, publication or
filing.
Art. 47a Rights of use and exploitation
1 Inventions of students which have arisen in the course of scientific work and which are
patentable will be treated as service inventions under Art. 55bis US.
II. Special provisions for the economic-legal Assessment Year31
1. Objective and structure
Art. 48 Objective
1 The education provided in the economic-legal Assessment Year proves whether
students satisfy the requirements for the subsequent Bachelor’s Studies in accordance
with Art. 3 para.3.
Art. 49 Responsibility
1 The Assessment Year is the responsibility of the President of the University of
St.Gallen, who appoints the programme directors, the head of the StartWeek and the
faculty members in charge of the core subjects.
2 The programme director bears academic responsibility and ensures the operation and
further development of the Assessment Year.
3 The head of the StartWeek is responsible for the organisation and implementation of the
StartWeek.
4 The faculty members in charge of the core subjects are in cooperation with the
programme director responsible for ensuring that identical quality standards are in place
between disciplines, language tracks and cohorts and that both examinations and
teaching materials are of equal value.
31 In Chapter II, special provisions of the economic-legal Assessment Year, the term "Assessment Year" al-
ways refers to the economic-legal Assessment Year if nothing else is specified.
13 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Art. 50 Duration
1 Students have to complete the Assessment Year within one academic year; it cannot be
interrupted.32
2 Provisional admission to Bachelor’s Studies is impossible.
3 Requests for exceptions for special reasons must be submitted to the Dean of Studies.
Art. 51 Language of instruction and cohorts
1 The Assessment Year in Economic Sciences can be completed in German or English.
2 The Assessment Year in Law is taught in German only.
3 The Assessment Year that is taught in German runs in separation from the Assessment
Year that is taught in English. There may be exemptions from the principle of separation
in connection with foreign languages.
4 In terms of organisation, the Assessment Year in Economic Sciences runs in two
cohorts.
Art. 52 Registration and changes
1 Applicants register for an Assessment Year and choose the language and the discipline
accordingly
2 They are allocated to their cohorts by the Dean of Studies. A change of language,
direction or cohort within the economic-legal Assessment Year must be applied for to
theDean of Studies. A change between the economic-legal and Informatics Assessment
Year is excluded.
Art. 53 Limitation of the number of places in the Assessment Year taught in English
1 The number of places in the Assessment Year taught in English may be limited by the
President’s Board.
Art. 54 StartWeek
1 Prior to the first semester, a StartWeek is conducted. It is compulsory for new
undergraduates and it familiarises them with the practicalities of student life and the
University’s institutions.
Art. 55 Contextual Studies
1 Contextual Studies consists of the following parts:
a) Humanities and Social Sciences;
b) Skills & Languages.
Art. 56 Structure
1 The Assessment Year is structured as follows:
a) Core Studies: 45 credits:
i. 11 credits for Business Administration,
ii. 11 credits for Economics,
32 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
14 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
iii. 11 credits for Law I,
iv. 7 credits for Mathematics or Law II,
v. 5 credits for a written paper.
b) Contextual Studies: 15 credits:
i. 4 credits for Humanities and Social Sciences,
ii. 11 credits for: Skills (7 credits) & Languages (4 credits).
c) evidence of a sufficient knowledge of accountancy.
Art. 57 Weighting
1 A single course and its examination may not exceed 8 credits.
Art. 58 Evidence of a sufficient knowledge of accountancy
1 Studies at the University of St.Gallen are contingent on a sufficient knowledge of
accountancy.
2 Evidence of a sufficient knowledge of accountancy is not weighted with credits.
3 The crediting of external evidence is precluded for the Assessment Year.
2. Pass and failure
Art. 59 Pass requirements
1 The Assessment Year is deemed to have been passed if (cumulatively):
a) 60 credits have been earned in accordance with the relevant Course
Regulations;
b) the average of the graded and weighted credits amount to a grade of at least
4.00, with this average being rounded to two decimal points;
c) a total of 12 negative weighted credit points is not exceeded, with 4 credit points
not being exceeded in Contextual Studies;
d) there is evidence of asufficient knowledge of accountancy.
Art. 60 Resit of individual examinations
1 Students may not resit individual examinations during the same attempt at the
Assessment Year.
2 In the case of insufficient performance, the evidence of a sufficient knowledge of
accountancy may be re-taken during the same attempt.
Art. 61 Failure at the Assessment Year
1 If the Assessment Year is aborted after the first attended examination or if the pass
requirement in accordance with Art. 59 cannot definitively be satisfied any longer, the
attempt at the Assessment Year is deemed to have been failed.
2 Students who failed at the Assessment Year in their first attempt may not sit for any
further examination within the same attempt.
15 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Art. 62 Second attempt
1 Students may repeat the Assessment Year in the following academic year at the
earliest. They must resit ll examinations.
2 Recognition of credits from the first attempt is not possible, with the exception of the
accountancy evidence.
3 In the second attempt, the Assessment Year may be completed in a different discipline
or/and a different language, provided that the admission requirements and conditions are
satisfied.
Art. 63 Failure at the second attempt
1 If an Assessment Year according to Art. 3 para. 1 is not passed in the second attempt,
the study programme can no longer be continued in the corresponding Assessment Year
and the corresponding major according to Art. 3 para. 3 or para. 4.
2 If the economic-legal Assessment Year or the Informatics Assessment Year is not
passed in the second attempt, it is possible to study in the respective other Assessment
Year. In this case, the usual restrictions of the maximum period of study according to
Art. 6 apply.
IIbis
. Special provisions for the Informatics Assessment Year
Art. 63a Scope of application
1 Chapter IIbis regulates the provisions for the Informatics Assessment Year. The
provisions of the economic-legal Assessment Year are applied subsidiarily.
Art. 63b Objective
1 The completion of the Informatics Assessment Year verifies whether the students meet
the requirements for the subsequent Bachelor's Studies in accordance with Art. 3 para. 4.
Art. 63c Responsibility
1 The Informatics Assessment Year is offered in German. Individual subjects may be
offered in English.
2 The programme management may appoint subject coordinators.
Art. 63d Language
1 The Informatics Assessment Year is offered in German. Individual subjects may be
offered in English.
Art. 63e Contextual Studies
1 The Informatics Assessment Year does not include contextual studies.
Art. 63f Structure
1 The Informatics Assessment Year comprises 60 ECTS and consists only of the core
studies, which are structured as follows:
a) 53 credits for compulsory studies:
i. 35 credits for computer science,
ii. 18 credits for mathematics.
16 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
b) credits for the compulsory electives in economics and law;
c) proof of sufficient accounting knowledge.
Art. 63g Pass requirements
1 The Informatics Assessment Year is deemed to have been passed if (cumulatively):
a) 60 credits have been earned in accordance with the relevant Course
Regulations;
b) the average of the graded and weighted credits amount to a grade of at least
4.00, with this average being rounded to two decimal points;
c) total of 12 negative weighted credit points is not exceeded, with 4 credit points
not being exceeded in Contextual Studies;
d) there is evidence of a sufficient knowledge of accountancy.
III. Special provisions for Bachelor’s Studies
1. Objective and structure
Art. 64 Objective
1 Bachelor’s Studies prove whether students satisfy the requirements for the subsequent
Master’s Level.
Art. 65 Contextual Studies
1 Contextual Studies consist of:
a) Areas of Concentration;
b) Skills and Languages.
Art. 66 Structure
1 Bachelor’s Studies in the majors according to Art. 3 para. 3 are structured as follows:
a) Core Studies: 80 credits;
b) Contextual Studies: 24 credits:
i. 12 to 24 credits for Areas of Concentration,
ii. 0 to 12 credits for Skills and Languages.
c) Bachelor’s thesis and/or other work done independently of courses.
2
33
...
3 The Bachelor's Studies in accordance with Art. 3 para. 4 are structured as follows:
a) Subject studies: 87 credits;
b) Contextual studies: 18 credits:
i. 12 to 18 credits for focus areas,
ii. 0 to 6 credits for skills and languages.
c) Bachelor thesis with defence.
33 Element was repealed in the previous version.
17 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Art. 67 Specification of courses
1 The range of Core Electives and Electives offered in Core Studies is specified by the
relevant School.
2 The Contextual Studies courses are specified by the director of Contextual Studies and
confirmed by the school conferences of the School of Humanities and Social Sciences.
2. Bachelor’s thesis, crediting, work done independently of courses
Art. 68 Specification and weighting
1 The Course Regulations specify whether a Bachelor’s thesis is weighted with 12, 15 or
16 credits.
2 If the Bachelor thesis is weighted with less than 16 credits, the core studies are
weighted correspondingly more heavily.
Art. 69 Topic of the Bachelor’s thesis
1 The Bachelor’s thesis is an academic work.
2 Its topic may derive from Core Studies or Contextual Studies.
Art. 70 Change of supervisors
1 When a student changes their supervisor, their Bachelor’s thesis and their Bachelor’s
Studies are deemed to have been failed.
2 Requests for exceptions for special reasons must be submitted to the Dean of Studies.
Art. 71 Grading of the Bachelor’s thesis
1 A Bachelor’s thesis is graded in accordance with Art. 34.
2 Grades of below 4.00 and above 5.50 awarded to a Bachelor’s thesis requires particular
justification.
Art. 71a Defense
1 A defense of the Bachelor's thesis may be demanded.
2 The defense may be assessed or not assessed.
3 The framework conditions for the defense must be announced and recorded prior to
registration for the Bachelor's thesis.
Art. 72 Transfer of credits earned at other educational institutions
1 Credits earned during a recognised exchange semester are transferred if they are
equivalent.
2 Obtaining a Bachelor’s degree for a first degree course at the University of St.Gallen is
contingent on earning at least 104 credits at the University of St.Gallen. The Assessment
Year completed at the University of St.Gallen is credited with 60 credits.
3 Individual courses and short-term academic programmes (summer or winter school
courses) of other universities may also be transferred to a limited extent.
18 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Art. 73 Further transfer of credits
1 The following work done independently of courses may be transferred and counted
towards a student’s programme requirements:
a) Practice Credits;
b) Campus Credits;
c) credits for qualified military leadership experience.
3. Pass and failure
Art. 74 Pass requirements
1 The Bachelor’s Studies in the chosen major are deemed to have been completed
successfully if (cumulatively):
a) the 120 credits pursuant to the relevant Course Regulations have been earned;
b) the graded and weighted credits result in an average grade of at least 4.00, with
the average rounded to two decimal points;
c) no more than 18 negative weighted credit points have been awarded;
d) the Bachelor’s thesis has been graded with at least 4.00;
e) two foreign language courses in different languages have been successfully
completed (in the major Computer Science, one foreign language course must
be successfully completed);
f) any possible further admission conditions have been satisfied.
2 In addition to the conditions pursuant to para. 1, the maximum of 10 negative weighted
credit points may not be exceeded in the business administration core subjects of the
major in Business Administration.
3 Individual Course Regulations may stipulate further pass requirements.
4
34
…
Art. 75 Resit of individual examinations
1 Students may not resit individual examinations during the same attempt at Bachelor’s
Studies.
Art. 76 Failure at Bachelor’s Studies
1 If a student aborts their Bachelor’s Studies voluntarily or can definitively no longer
satisfy a pass requirement pursuant to Art. 75, their attempt at Bachelor’s Studies is
deemed to have failed.
2 Individual examinations can not be resat within the same attempt at Bachelor’s Studies.
Art. 77 Second attempt
1 In the case of a failure at Bachelor’s Studies:
a) the Compulsory Subjects in which a minimum grade of 4.00 has not been
reached must be repeated;
34 Repealed by the Board of Governors Resolution of 11 June 2020; in force as from 1 August 2021.
19 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
b) the Core Electives respectively Electives in which a minimum grade of 4.00 has
not been reached must either be repeated or replaced with other Core Electives
respectively Electives.
2 Subjects that have been passed cannot be repeated and are credited towards the
degree requirements.
3 If Bachelor’s Studies have been successfully completed at the second attempt, this is
recorded accordingly in the grade transcript and the Diploma Supplement.
Art. 78 Rejection of the Bachelor’s thesis
1 If the Bachelor’s thesis is awarded a grade below 4.00, Bachelor’s Studies are deemed
to have been failed. At the second attempt, a new topic must be chosen.
2 If the Bachelor’s thesis is awarded a grade below 4.00 again, Bachelor’s Studies are
deemed to have been failed at the second attempt.
3 A student who is already on the second attempt at Bachelor’s Studies and who is
awarded a grade below 4.00 for their Bachelor’s thesis is deemed as having failed at the
second attempt.
Art. 79 Failure at the second attempt
1 A student who has failed Bachelor’s Studies at the second attempt may not continue
studies in the failed major.
2 Studies may be resumed in another major provided that the admission requirements
and conditions have been satisfied. The transfer of credits from a previous major is
impossible.
3 A student who failes to complete Bachelor’s Studies in the second major at the second
attempt may not continue their studies any longer.
4. Academic degree
Art. 80 Academic degree
1 Students who have successfully completed their Bachelor’s Studies are awarded the
degree of “Bachelor of Arts” (abbreviation: B.A.), which may be used with the extension
“HSG”.
2 To describe the content of the degree, the following additions are used:
a) in the major in Business Administration: “in Betriebswirtschaftslehre” / “in
Business Administration”;
b) in the major in Economics: “in Volkswirtschaftslehre” / “in Economics”;
c) in the major in International Affairs: “in International Affairs”;
d) in the major in Law: "in Rechtswissenschaft” / “in Law”;
e) in the major in Law and Economics: “in Rechtswissenschaft mit
Wirtschaftswissenschaften” / “in Law and Economics”, on completion of the
Additional Qualification Certificate programme Law for Law & Economics with
the addition "BLE/BLaw" in brackets35
.
35 Amendment pursuant to the Board of Governors Resolution of 11 June 2020; in force as from 1 August
2021
20 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
3 The alternative designations of the academic degree are exhaustively listed in the
appendix to these Regulations.
Art. 81 Degree certificate, Diploma Supplement and graduation
1 The degree is awarded with the presentation of the degree certificate and the Diploma
Supplement at the Graduation Day.
2 The degree certificate and the Diploma Supplement provide information about a
student’s objectively ascertainable performance.
3 The academic degree may only be used after graduation.
4 Participation in the Graduation Day is compulsory. Requests for exceptions for special
reasons must be submitted to the Dean of Studies
Art. 82 Revocation of a degree
1 The Extended President's Board may revoke an academic degree if it has been
obtained by deception or if essential requirements for its award were not fulfilled.36
Art. 83 Changes of name
1 The name on a certificate awarded by the University may be changed at a later date for
good cause.
2 Any change of name in connection with the change of the civil status does not entitle
holders to a change of the name on the certificate.
B. Repeal of other regulations, and transitional provisions
Art. 84 Repeal of examination and Course Regulations
1 With the entry into force of these Regulations, the following regulations are repealed:
a) Examination Regulations for the Assessment Year of the University of St.Gallen
of 7 May 2012;
b) Examination Regulations for Bachelor’s Studies of the University of St.Gallen of
6 March 2002;
c) Course Regulations for the Assessment Year of the University of St.Gallen of
20 February 2012;
d) Course Regulations for Bachelor’s Studies of the University of St.Gallen of
10 June 2002.
Art. 85 Transitional provisions
1 Examinations scheduled to take place prior to the entry into force of these Regulations
continue to be governed by the regulations applicable at the time.
C. Entry into force
Art. 86 Entry into force
1 These Regulations are applied as from 1 August 2020.
36 Amendment pursuant to the Senate Committee Resolution from 23 June 2025; in force as from 1 Au-
gust 2025
21 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Appendix
Designation of the academic degrees
1 The degree of a Bachelor of Arts obtained from the University of St.Gallen entitles
holders to use the following designations:
a) “Bachelor of Arts (B.A.)”;
b) “Bachelor of Arts”;
c) “B.A.”.
2 The designations in accordance with para. 1 and para 8 may be supplemented by
the extension “HSG”.37
3 If a Bachelor’s degree has been obtained in the major in Business Administration,
the designations in accordance with para. 1 (optionally followed by the extension
“HSG“) can be supplemented as follows:
a) “in Betriebwirtschaftslehre”;
b) “in Business Administration”;
c) “in BWL”;
d) “in BA”.
4 If a Bachelor’s degree has been obtained in the major in Economics, the
designations in accordance with para. 1 (optionally followed by the extension “HSG”)
can be supplemented as follows:
a) “in Volkswirtschaftslehre”;
b) “in Economics”;
c) “in VWL”.
5 If a Bachelor’s degree has been obtained in the major in International Affairs, the
designations in accordance with para. 1 (optionally followed by the extension “HSG”)
can be supplemented as follows:
a) “in International Affairs”;
b) “in IA”,
6 If a Bachelor’s degree has been obtained in the major in Law,
a) the designations in accordance with para. 1 (optionally followed by the
extension “HSG”) can be supplemented as follows:
i. “in Rechtswissenschaft”;
ii. “in Law”.
b) the following designations (optionally followed by the extension “HSG”) may
also be used:
i. “Bachelor of Law”;
ii. “BLaw”.
7 If a Bachelor’s degree has been obtained in the major in Law and Economics,
a) the following designations (optionally followed by the extension “HSG”) can
be supplemented as follows:
i. “in Rechtswissenschaft mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften”;
ii. “in Law and Economics”.
b) the following designations (optionally followed by the extension “HSG”) can
be supplemented as follows with a completed Additional Qualification
Certificate programme Law for Law & Economics:38
i. “in Rechtswissenschaft mit Wirtschaftswissenschaften (BLE/BLaw)”;
ii. “in Law and Economics (BLE/BLaw)”;
iii. all designations in accordance with para. 6.
37 38 Amendment pursuant to the Board of Governors of 10 May 2021; in foce as from 1. August 2022
Amendment pursuant to the Board of Governors of 11 June 2020; in force as from 1 August 2021
22 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
8 A Bachelor of Science degree obtained at the University of St.Gallen entitles the
holder to alternatively use the designations:39
a) “Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.)";
b) “Bachelor of Science;
c) “B.Sc.”.
9 If a Bachelor's degree was obtained in the major of Computer Science, the
designations according to para. 8 (optionally followed by the abbreviation "HSG") can
be supplemented as follows:40
a) “in Informatik”;
b) “in Computer Science”.
39 40 Amendment pursuant to the Board of Governors Resolution of 10 May 2021; in force as from 1 August
2022
2022
Amendment pursuant to the Board of Governors Resolution of 10 May 2021; in force as from 1 August
23 - Seitenende - 
- Seitenanfang -   II.C.01
Amendments
acc. to the Senate Committee Resolution
Date of amendment Amendments 21 June 2019 Entry into force of editorial amend-
ments to the Ingress due to the com-
plete revision of the University Act
23 June 2025 Art. 1
Art. 4
Art. 5
Art. 14
Art. 16
Art. 20
Art. 22b
Art. 29
Art. 29a
Art. 30
Art. 31
Art. 40
Art. 41
Art. 43
Art. 82
Date in force
1 January 2025
1 August 2025
23 June 2025 Art. 50 1 August 2025
24 - Seitenende - 